README.md, before:

Loopoll
=======
###Intro

Have questions on which you'd like to poll others? 

Want to provide feedback by voting?

Use feedback loops through Loopoll! 


###Voting
Users must have an account to vote, 
  can only vote on questions (created by other users - not on their own!) until the due date,
  and each user can only vote once(!) on any question - there are no loopholes with Loopoll!

###Login

Sign up (or log in if you already have an account) via http://0:0:0:0!

- If you'd like to test Loopoll before creating an account, log in with email: test@test and pwd: test.
- Once logged in, your name will display in the top nav, next to the logout button.

###Features

- Your dashboard includes: 
    - The ability to create a yes/no question right there on the spot! Just type it in and click submit!
    - A link to create a multiple choice (2 - 5 choices only) question.
    - Summaries of:
        - Active questions you've created (incl. days left until the poll closes &amp; results thus far), 
        - Questions you've already answered, and 
        - Active questions created by other users that you haven't yet answered (incl. days left until the poll closes).
                < NOTE: An `active` question is one whose due date has not passed.>
- Click on the text of any question from the dashboard to:
  - See a larger view of the results, or
  - Vote (if you haven't yet and the question is still active).
        < NOTE: After voting, the page will refresh with results up to and including your vote, and 
        you won`t be able to return to the voting page again. 
        Questions with two answers will display as a bar chart, else pie chart. (All questions must have two answers.)>



##Original Specs:

Option 3: Voting Booth

- ~~Make an application that lets users create yes or no questions and send a link to people to vote on them.~~
- ~~You don't need to add in emailing capabilities -- just give the user the link they need to send to friends.~~

- ~~You'll need users to create the questions, and probably want users in order to vote -- otherwise, 
the same person could vote over and over. Maybe you could figure out a way to prevent that with the session.~~

- ~~Each question has its own URL and if you've voted, you see the results. If you haven't, you can vote.~~

###Nice to have
- ~~Show a pie chart when you show results -- maybe Chartkick would help? http://chartkick.com/~~
- ~~Allow questions with multiple choice, not just yes or no~~
- ~~Have a page for each user where they can see all their questions~~
- ~~Put a time limit on questions. After the question's end date, no one can vote and everyone can see results.~~
- Let people add comments on questions they've answered (or have run out of time to vote)

###Things to learn
- ~~Creating users~~
- ~~Preventing multiple votes per user~~
- ~~How would you store a question that could have multiple answers?~~

Commit message:

final fixes. updated login, routing and readme

README.md, after:

Loopoll
=======
###Intro

Have questions on which you'd like to poll others? 

Want to provide feedback by voting?

Use feedback loops through Loopoll! 


###Voting
Users must have an account to vote, 
  can only vote on questions (created by other users - not on their own!) until the due date,
  and each user can only vote once(!) on any question - there are no loopholes with Loopoll!

###Login

Sign up (or log in if you already have an account) via http://0:0:0:0!

- If you'd like to test Loopoll before creating an account, log in with email: test@test and pwd: test.
- Once logged in, your name will display in the top nav, next to the logout button.

###Features

- Your dashboard includes: 
    - The ability to create a yes/no question right there on the spot! Just type it in and click submit!
    - A link to create a multiple choice (2 - 5 choices only) question.
    - Summaries of:
        - Active questions you've created (incl. days left until the poll closes &amp; results thus far), 
        - Questions you've already answered, and 
        - Active questions created by other users that you haven't yet answered (incl. days left until the poll closes).
                < NOTE: An `active` question is one whose due date has not passed.>
- Click on the text of any question from the dashboard to:
  - See a larger view of the results, or
  - Vote (if you haven't yet and the question is still active).
        < NOTE: After voting, the page will refresh with results up to and including your vote, and 
        you won`t be able to return to the voting page again. 
        Questions with two answers will display as a bar chart, else pie chart. (All questions must have two answers.)>

###Known bugs:
- Display page for each question shows the top answer incorrectly. 
This was an extra feature we added, but one we'd like to see functioning.
- Login validation is preventing question creation.

##Original Specs:

Option 3: Voting Booth

- ~~Make an application that lets users create yes or no questions and send a link to people to vote on them.~~
- ~~You don't need to add in emailing capabilities -- just give the user the link they need to send to friends.~~

- ~~You'll need users to create the questions, and probably want users in order to vote -- otherwise, 
the same person could vote over and over. Maybe you could figure out a way to prevent that with the session.~~

- ~~Each question has its own URL and if you've voted, you see the results. If you haven't, you can vote.~~

###Nice to have
- ~~Show a pie chart when you show results -- maybe Chartkick would help? http://chartkick.com/~~
- ~~Allow questions with multiple choice, not just yes or no~~
- ~~Have a page for each user where they can see all their questions~~
- ~~Put a time limit on questions. After the question's end date, no one can vote and everyone can see results.~~
- Let people add comments on questions they've answered (or have run out of time to vote)

###Things to learn
- ~~Creating users~~
- ~~Preventing multiple votes per user~~
- ~~How would you store a question that could have multiple answers?~~
